NMS-13019 add CircuitBreaker to ElasticSearch requests (#5600)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/elasticsearch/introduction.adoc

| Prefix is prepended to the index and template names.
Used in cases where you want to share the same Elasticsearch cluster with many {page-component-title} instances.
| none

|circuitbreaker.failure_rate_threshold_in_percent
|The failure rate threshold in percentage above which the CircuitBreaker should trip open and start short-circuiting calls
|99

|circuitbreaker.wait_in_open_state_milliseconds
|The time that the CircuitBreaker should wait before transitioning from open to half-open
|60000

|circuitbreaker.ring_buffer_size_in_closed.state
|The size of the ring buffer when the CircuitBreaker is closed. The ring buffer needs to be filled before the failure rate is calculated.
|100

|circuitbreaker.ring_buffer_size_in_half_open_state
|The size of the ring buffer when the CircuitBreaker is half-open.
This ring buffer is used when the breaker transitions from open to half-open to decide whether the circuit is healthy or not.
|10

|===

> TIP: If a configuration management tool is used, the properties file can be created and is used as startup configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If a configuration management tool is used, the properties file can be created and used as the startup configuration.
```

----

NOTE: Credentials are globally defined and will be used by all features that connect to the specified URLs.

== Circuit breaker

> In the case when Elasticsearch is unavailable, a circuit breaker is used to reduce the amount of blocked threads. After a defined number of errors, requests to the server will not be sent for defined time. Instead, the requests are aborted immediately with an error. To configure the circuit breaker, use the parameters that begin with `circuitbreaker.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Elasticsearch is unavailable, a circuit breaker is used to reduce the number of blocked threads.
After a defined number of errors, requests to the server will not be sent for the defined period of time.
Instead, the requests are cancelled immediately with an error.
To configure the circuit breaker, use the parameters that begin with `circuitbreaker.`.
```
Does it make sense to list the defaults for the defined number of errors and defined time?

After a defined number of errors (by default X), requests to the server will not be sent for the defined period of time (by default, Y).
